make `setGlobalTimer` a scoped capability (#3614)
dfinity/motoko: doc/md/language-manual.md

| name          | type                                                          | description         |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| `heartbeat`   | `() -> async ()`                                              | heartbeat action    |

> | `timer`       | `(Nat64 -> ()) -> async ()`                                   | timer action        |

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be Nat64 -> Nat64 (or even Int64 to Int64 - does the API guarantee this is unsigned?)

Author: It is unsigned. But as Andriy pointed out, inside of the callback the timer is reset to 0, so there is no point in returning anything. This also makes it a pure setter, which is nicer.

Author: So I am testing this "being reset to 0" claim, but cannot confirm (at least on `drun`). `ic-ref` isn't tested yet. See https://github.com/dfinity/motoko/pull/3614.

Author: Looks like, indeed, the most recent versions of `ic-ref` and `drun` reset the global timer to 0 before entering the expiration callback.

| `inspect`     | `{ caller : Principal; msg : <Variant>; arg : Blob } -> Bool` | message predicate   |
| `preupgrade`  | `() -> ()`                                                    | pre upgrade action  |
| `postupgrade` | `() -> ()`                                                    | post upgrade action |

-   `heartbeat`, when declared, is called on every Internet Computer subnet **heartbeat**, scheduling an asynchronous call to the `heartbeat` function. Due to its `async` return type, a heartbeat function may send messages and await results. The result of a heartbeat call, including any trap or thrown error, is ignored. The implicit context switch means that the time the heartbeat body is executed may be later than the time the heartbeat was issued by the subnet.

> -   `timer`, when declared, is called as a response of the canister global timer's expiration. The canister's global timer can be manipulated with the passed-in function argument of type `Nat64 -> ()` upon which libraries can build their own abstractions. When not declared (and in absence of the `-no-timer` flag), this system action is defaulted by the compiler (additionally `setTimer` and `cancelTimer` are provided as primitives).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `timer`, when declared, is called as a response of the canister global timer's expiration. The canister's global timer can be manipulated with the passed-in function argument of type `Nat64 -> ()` upon which libraries can build their own abstractions. When not declared (and in absence of the `-no-timer` flag), this system action is provided with default implementation by the compiler (additionally `setTimer` and `cancelTimer` are provided as primitives).
```
Where are the primitives provided? In prim or base/Timers.mo? I'd maybe just mention Timers.mo since prim is an implementation detail.

Author: The primitives come from `prim.mo` (and co.)
